We are now in the south of the ground force.
Our aircraft are advancing rapidly.
Our aircraft are now actively operating.
The air raids against Singapore are being carried out in a row without any delay.
Before I explain the Singaporean air strike,
I would like to explain Singapore's defense.
Singapore is a military base of the British Army.
It is a friendly country with a history of 1.4 billion dollars
and the British softly
casualties its parliament.
It is a major skill.
It consists of 5 judgements,
overseas, 17 judgements on
and have fallen into places under enemy pressure.
I together with him have established a model for the Governed Forces
of the Japanese Army.
Therefore, people who did not strengthen the tofu
have to be prepared for the spec教
made by these people.
I would like to strengthen the tofu
to Szaren Alrighty Rediantly hit byical
T Male T Hunt
with the lead it is LEGO .
It is revealed that very often
if learned of this plan,
I would like to tell you about what we have found in Tsudaimomodan.
Let's take a look at the second one.
On January 31st, our forces, which had entered Johorbal,
had started a wide vaccination 08. Japanese 생anza period XIV.
We suffered severeRed stomach disorder.
Tuesdays have dissolved the Johorbal's water.
Preparations have been granted for import karate training in Jogorbal's schoolvey and the feets were adjusted on fire.
epidemic action on April 8th 2019.